I think we need a military app. appearance with no "ghost" authority,
only three levels, at most three entities on a level and - in my
first vision - three TA's with a fourth on the side to be joined in.

The text boxes are never going to be read. The namespace  box should
be by example, the Contribution box should be at most four lines long
and we need to make IBE vs PKI clear ...

We have a lot of work to do so I'm going to begin with 10
comments/suggestions (some of which are similar to what I wrote
last night):

1. Remember this is a very high level summary for a relatively
  non-expert but smart audience. To that extent, there's way too much
  text. I do like the box "Contributions" but the contents of that
  box should be at most 4 lines long and only high level. We don't
  need the whole abstract and certainly don't want to mention B-B
  or a security model.

2. Our names should appear (with affiliations) beneath the title.

3. The "Forming a coalition" box may better be called, "Establishing
  a Coalition" and there's no need for a "ghost". Further,
"flavors"
  and "colors" etc are nice for general exposition for not for the
  ITA. I suggest we have 3 TA's in this box and call them,
  US Army
  UK Armed Forces
  US Marines

4. The hierarchies in the box above should have three levels (with
  some "military visuals") and level two should be limited to 2
entities
  and levrel 3 to 3. If you really want variation, for one TA use
  4 on level 3. The level should be named (like the second level called
  Field Command - or some such thing), etc.

5. Naming level 3 entities will feed directly into the NameSpace and
  Wildcard (addressing) box.  Again, we don't want an abstract
discussion
  in this box but rather a very high level example based view of what
  a name looks like and how a wildcard, when added, can extend the
  range of recipients (corresponding, by example, to one in the large
  box to the left).

6. I'd get rid of the usage scenario box (did we have one before) and
  use the "theme" that you seem to be developing on the bottom level
  by having some sory of flow to "Add a New Coalition Member" (the
  UK Air Force)

7. I like the "Remove" member idea but this should be explained in the
  boxes with very few words, jst a sense of what's involved without
  technical details. Arrows for data sharing and flow would help.

8. As Alex mentioned, we need to show this is IBE and not PKI based.
  One way to do this, as we discussed, is to add into the main picture
  the shared parameters - or some sense of them. Further, the
  Namsapce box could make use of the IBE nature.

9. The poster needs to be attractive and simple enough that visitors
  will want to look and get the impression that the work is not simple -
  but they need to be able to come away simply with the gist of what
  we can do - as compared to what could be done before. A balance of
  space and information (read top to bottom, left to right) is critical.

10. In the main coalition box, there should be VERY few words. Right now
   the poster is extremely word heavy. I'd like to see, in total, 1/3
  of the number of words on the final version. There's little reason
  to discuss HIBE's vs. WIBE's. That's not for this poster. Remember,
  no one is going to spend more than 1 minute in front of this poster
   and is going to want to read more than two or three sentences.